# packages in environment at /scratch/midway2/brimittleman/anaconda3/envs/comp_threeprime_env:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                        main    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
aioeasywebdav             2.4.0                 py37_1000    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.6.2            py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.1.5             h516909a_1001    conda-forge
appdirs                   1.4.3                      py_1    conda-forge
argcomplete               1.10.3                     py_0    conda-forge
argh                      0.26.2                py37_1001    conda-forge
async-timeout             3.0.1                   py_1000    conda-forge
attrs                     19.3.0                     py_0    conda-forge
bcrypt                    3.1.7            py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
bedops                    2.4.37               hc9558a2_0    bioconda
bedtools                  2.29.1               hc088bd4_1    bioconda
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.33.1               he1b5a44_7    conda-forge
binutils_linux-64         2.33.1              h9595d00_15    conda-forge
boto3                     1.10.35                    py_0    conda-forge
botocore                  1.13.35                    py_0    conda-forge
bwa                       0.7.17               hed695b0_6    bioconda
bwidget                   1.9.14                        0    conda-forge
bx-python                 0.8.6            py37h9449cc1_0    bioconda
bzip2                     1.0.8                h516909a_2    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2019.11.28           hecc5488_0    conda-forge
cachetools                3.1.1                      py_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            hfb77d84_1002    conda-forge
certifi                   2019.11.28               py37_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.13.2           py37h8022711_0    conda-forge
chardet                   3.0.4                 py37_1003    conda-forge
click                     7.0                        py_0    conda-forge
coloredlogs               10.0                  py37_1000    conda-forge
colormath                 3.0.0                      py_2    conda-forge
configargparse            0.13.0                     py_1    conda-forge
crossmap                  0.3.9              pyh5ca1d4c_0    bioconda
cryptography              2.8              py37h72c5cf5_1    conda-forge
curl                      7.65.3               hf8cf82a_0    conda-forge
cutadapt                  2.7              py37h516909a_0    bioconda
cycler                    0.10.0                     py_2    conda-forge
cython                    0.29.14          py37he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
datrie                    0.8              py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               he372182_0    conda-forge
decorator                 4.4.1                      py_0    conda-forge
deeptools                 3.3.1                      py_0    bioconda
deeptoolsintervals        0.1.9            py37h516909a_0    bioconda
dnaio                     0.4.1            py37h516909a_0    bioconda
docutils                  0.15.2                   py37_0    conda-forge
dropbox                   9.4.0                      py_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.2.5             he1b5a44_1004    conda-forge
fastqc                    0.11.8                        2    bioconda
fftw                      3.3.8           nompi_h7f3a6c3_1110    conda-forge
filechunkio               1.8                        py_2    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      2.001                hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.030                hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.13.1            h86ecdb6_1001    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.0               he983fc9_1    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.5             h516909a_1002    conda-forge
ftputil                   3.4                        py_0    conda-forge
future                    0.18.2                   py37_0    conda-forge
gcc_impl_linux-64         7.3.0                habb00fd_2    conda-forge
gcc_linux-64              7.3.0               h553295d_15    conda-forge
gdk-pixbuf                2.32.2                        1    bioconda
gettext                   0.19.8.1          hc5be6a0_1002    conda-forge
gffutils                  0.9                        py_1    bioconda
gfortran_impl_linux-64    7.3.0                hdf63c60_2    conda-forge
gfortran_linux-64         7.3.0               h553295d_15    conda-forge
ghostscript               9.18                          1    bioconda
giflib                    5.1.7                h516909a_1    conda-forge
gitdb2                    2.0.6                      py_0    conda-forge
gitpython                 3.0.5                      py_0    conda-forge
glib                      2.58.3          py37h6f030ca_1002    conda-forge
gobject-introspection     1.58.2          py37h5503ade_1002    conda-forge
google-api-core           1.14.3                   py37_0    conda-forge
google-auth               1.7.1                      py_0    conda-forge
google-cloud-core         1.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
google-cloud-storage      1.23.0                   py37_0    conda-forge
google-resumable-media    0.5.0                      py_0    conda-forge
googleapis-common-protos  1.6.0                    py37_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            hf484d3e_1000    conda-forge
graphviz                  2.42.3               h0511662_0    conda-forge
gsl                       2.5                  h294904e_1    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.14.5               h0935bb2_0    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.14.5               h36ae1b5_0    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         7.3.0                hdf63c60_2    conda-forge
gxx_linux-64              7.3.0               h553295d_15    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  2.4.0                h9f30f68_3    conda-forge
htslib                    1.10                 h78d89cc_1    bioconda
humanfriendly             4.18                     py37_0    conda-forge
icu                       64.2                 he1b5a44_1    conda-forge
idna                      2.8                   py37_1000    conda-forge
imagemagick               7.0.9_7         pl526h5b29c3e_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        1.2.0                    py37_0    conda-forge
jbig                      2.1               h14c3975_2001    conda-forge
jinja2                    2.10.3                     py_0    conda-forge
jmespath                  0.9.4                      py_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9c                h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
jsonschema                3.2.0                    py37_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.1.0            py37hc9558a2_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.16.3            h05b26f9_1001    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.9                  hbd6801e_1    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.33.1               h53a641e_7    conda-forge
libblas                   3.8.0               14_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.8.0               14_openblas    conda-forge
libclang                  9.0.0           default_hde54327_4    conda-forge
libcroco                  0.6.13               h8d621e5_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.65.3               hda55be3_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.3                  h516909a_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20170329      hf8c457e_1001    conda-forge
libffi                    3.2.1             he1b5a44_1006    conda-forge
libgcc                    7.2.0                h69d50b8_2    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 9.2.0                hdf63c60_0    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            7.3.0                hdf63c60_2    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.15              h516909a_1005    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.8.0               14_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm9                  9.0.0                hc9558a2_3    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.7                h5ec1e0e_5    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               hed695b0_0    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.11.1               h8b12597_0    conda-forge
librsvg                   2.46.4               h33a7fed_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.8.2                h22169c7_2    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              9.2.0                hdf63c60_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.1.0                hc3755c2_1    conda-forge
libtool                   2.4.6             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.0.2                hf4e8a37_4    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              0.9.1                hebb1f50_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.10               hee79883_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.8.3             he1b5a44_1001    conda-forge
lzo                       2.10              h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
lzstring                  1.0.4                   py_1001    conda-forge
make                      4.2.1             h14c3975_2004    conda-forge
markdown                  3.1.1                      py_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                1.1.1            py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.1.1                    py37_2    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.1.1            py37h250f245_2    conda-forge
more-itertools            8.0.2                      py_0    conda-forge
multidict                 4.6.1            py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
multiqc                   1.8                        py_1    bioconda
mysql-connector-c         6.1.11            hd2bbab6_1003    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.1               hf484d3e_1002    conda-forge
networkx                  2.2                        py_1    conda-forge
nspr                      4.24                 he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
nss                       3.47                 he751ad9_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.17.3           py37h95a1406_0    conda-forge
openjdk                   11.0.1            h46a85a0_1017    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.3.1                h981e76c_3    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1d               h516909a_0    conda-forge
pandas                    0.25.3           py37hb3f55d8_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.42.4               ha030887_1    conda-forge
paramiko                  2.7.0                    py37_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.43                 he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.26.2            h516909a_1006    conda-forge
picard                    2.21.4                        0    bioconda
pigz                      2.3.4                         0    conda-forge
pip                       19.3.1                   py37_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.38.0            h516909a_1003    conda-forge
pkg-config                0.29.2            h14c3975_1005    conda-forge
plotly                    4.3.0                      py_0    conda-forge
prettytable               0.7.2                      py_3    conda-forge
protobuf                  3.11.1           py37he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.6.7            py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
py2bit                    0.3.0            py37h14c3975_2    bioconda
pyasn1                    0.4.8                      py_0    conda-forge
pyasn1-modules            0.2.7                      py_0    conda-forge
pybigwig                  0.3.17           py37hc013797_0    bioconda
pycparser                 2.19                     py37_1    conda-forge
pyfaidx                   0.5.6                      py_0    bioconda
pygments                  2.5.2                      py_0    conda-forge
pygraphviz                1.3              py37h14c3975_1  
pynacl                    1.3.0           py37h516909a_1001    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 19.1.0                   py37_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 2.4.5                      py_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.12.3           py37hcca6a23_1    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 4.19.18                  pypi_0    pypi
pyqtwebengine             5.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pyrsistent                0.15.6           py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
pysam                     0.15.3           py37hbcae180_3    bioconda
pysftp                    0.2.9                      py_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1                    py37_0    conda-forge
python                    3.7.3                h357f687_2    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.0                      py_0    conda-forge
python-irodsclient        0.7.0                      py_0    conda-forge
python-lzo                1.12            py37h3753786_1000    conda-forge
pytz                      2019.3                     py_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    5.2              py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
qt                        5.12.5               hd8c4c69_1    conda-forge
r-acepack                 1.4.1           r36h9bbef5b_1004    conda-forge
r-assertthat              0.2.1             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-backports               1.1.5             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-base                    3.6.1                h3a67422_6    conda-forge
r-base64enc               0.1_3           r36hcdcec82_1003    conda-forge
r-bh                      1.69.0_1          r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-callr                   3.4.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-checkmate               1.9.4             r36hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-cli                     2.0.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-cluster                 2.1.0             r36h9bbef5b_2    conda-forge
r-codetools               0.2_16          r36h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-colorspace              1.4_1             r36hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-crayon                  1.3.4           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-crosstalk               1.0.0           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-data.table              1.12.8            r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-desc                    1.2.0           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-digest                  0.6.23            r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-domc                    1.3.6                     r36_0    conda-forge
r-dplyr                   0.8.3             r36h0357c0b_3    conda-forge
r-dt                      0.10              r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-ellipsis                0.3.0             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-evaluate                0.14              r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-fansi                   0.4.0           r36hcdcec82_1001    conda-forge
r-farver                  2.0.1             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-fastmap                 1.0.1             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-foreach                 1.4.7             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-foreign                 0.8_72            r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-formula                 1.2_3           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-getopt                  1.20.3                    r36_1    conda-forge
r-ggplot2                 3.2.1             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-glue                    1.3.1             r36hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-gridextra               2.3             r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-gtable                  0.3.0             r36h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-highr                   0.8               r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-hmisc                   4.2_0             r36h9bbef5b_2    conda-forge
r-htmltable               1.13.3            r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-htmltools               0.4.0             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-htmlwidgets             1.5.1             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-httpuv                  1.5.2             r36h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-inline                  0.3.15          r36h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-intervals               0.15.1          r36h0357c0b_1003    conda-forge
r-iterators               1.0.12            r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-jsonlite                1.6             r36hcdcec82_1001    conda-forge
r-knitr                   1.26              r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-labeling                0.3             r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-later                   1.0.0             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-lattice                 0.20_38         r36hcdcec82_1002    conda-forge
r-latticeextra            0.6_28          r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-lazyeval                0.2.2             r36hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-leafcutter              0.2                r3h6b519b2_0    davidaknowles
r-lifecycle               0.1.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-loo                     2.1.0             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-magrittr                1.5             r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-markdown                1.1               r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-mass                    7.3_51.4          r36hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-matrix                  1.2_17            r36hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-matrixstats             0.55.0            r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-mgcv                    1.8_29            r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-mime                    0.7               r36hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-munsell                 0.5.0           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-nlme                    3.1_141           r36h9bbef5b_1    conda-forge
r-nnet                    7.3_12          r36hcdcec82_1003    conda-forge
r-optparse                1.6.4             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-pillar                  1.4.2             r36h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-pkgbuild                1.0.6             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-pkgconfig               2.0.3             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-plogr                   0.2.0           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-plyr                    1.8.4           r36h0357c0b_1003    conda-forge
r-prettyunits             1.0.2           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-processx                3.4.1             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-promises                1.1.0             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-ps                      1.3.0           r36hcdcec82_1001    conda-forge
r-purrr                   0.3.3             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-r.methodss3             1.7.1           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-r.oo                    1.23.0            r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-r.utils                 2.9.2             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-r6                      2.4.1             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-rcolorbrewer            1.1_2           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-rcpp                    1.0.3             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-rcppeigen               0.3.3.7.0         r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-reshape2                1.4.3           r36h0357c0b_1004    conda-forge
r-rlang                   0.4.2             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-rpart                   4.1_15            r36hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-rprojroot               1.3_2           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-rstan                   2.19.2            r36h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-rstudioapi              0.10              r36h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-scales                  1.1.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-shiny                   1.4.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-shinycssloaders         0.2.0           r36h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-sourcetools             0.1.7           r36he1b5a44_1001    conda-forge
r-stanheaders             2.19.0            r36h6786f55_0    conda-forge
r-stringi                 1.4.3             r36h0e574ca_3    conda-forge
r-stringr                 1.4.0             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-survival                2.44_1.1          r36hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-tibble                  2.1.3             r36hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-tidyr                   1.0.0             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-tidyselect              0.2.5           r36h0357c0b_1001    conda-forge
r-utf8                    1.1.4           r36hcdcec82_1001    conda-forge
r-vctrs                   0.2.0             r36hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-viridis                 0.5.1           r36h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-viridislite             0.3.0           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-withr                   2.1.2           r36h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-xfun                    0.11              r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-xtable                  1.8_4             r36h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-yaml                    2.2.0           r36hcdcec82_1002    conda-forge
r-zeallot                 0.1.0           r36h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
ratelimiter               1.2.0                 py37_1000    conda-forge
readline                  8.0                  hf8c457e_0    conda-forge
regex                     2019.11.1        py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
regtools                  0.5.1                he860b03_0    bioconda
requests                  2.22.0                   py37_1    conda-forge
retrying                  1.3.3                      py_2    conda-forge
rsa                       4.0                        py_0    conda-forge
s3transfer                0.2.1                    py37_0    conda-forge
samtools                  1.10                 h9402c20_0    bioconda
scipy                     1.3.2            py37h921218d_0    conda-forge
sed                       4.7               h1bed415_1000    conda-forge
setuptools                42.0.2                   py37_0    conda-forge
simplejson                3.17.0           py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
six                       1.13.0                   py37_0    conda-forge
smmap2                    2.0.5                      py_0    conda-forge
snakemake                 5.8.1                         0    bioconda
snakemake-minimal         5.8.1                      py_0    bioconda
spectra                   0.0.11                     py_1    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.30.1               hcee41ef_0    conda-forge
star                      2.7.3a                        0    bioconda
subread                   1.6.4                h84994c4_1    bioconda
tk                        8.6.10               hed695b0_0    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 h555a92e_3    conda-forge
tornado                   6.0.3            py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
trim-galore               0.6.4                         1    bioconda
ucsc-bedgraphtobigwig     357                  h35c10e6_3    bioconda
ucsc-bedtogenepred        377                  h35c10e6_0    bioconda
ucsc-bigwigmerge          357                           1    bioconda
ucsc-genepredtogtf        377                  h35c10e6_2    bioconda
ucsc-gtftogenepred        377                  h35c10e6_2    bioconda
ucsc-liftover             377                  h35c10e6_1    bioconda
ucsc-wigtobigwig          357                  h35c10e6_3    bioconda
umi_tools                 1.0.0            py37h516909a_1    bioconda
urllib3                   1.25.7                   py37_0    conda-forge
verifybamid               1.1.3                hd28b015_2    bioconda
wheel                     0.33.6                   py37_0    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.11.2           py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
xmlrunner                 1.7.7                      py_0    conda-forge
xopen                     0.8.4                    py37_0    conda-forge
xorg-fixesproto           5.0               h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-inputproto           2.3.2             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             h84519dc_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.6.9                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h14c3975_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            5.0.3             h516909a_1004    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.7.10               h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxpm               3.5.12            h516909a_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h516909a_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.1.5             h516909a_1003    conda-forge
xorg-libxtst              1.2.3             h516909a_1002    conda-forge
xorg-recordproto          1.14.2            h516909a_1002    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h14c3975_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.4             h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.2                h516909a_1    conda-forge
yarl                      1.3.0           py37h516909a_1000    conda-forge
zipp                      0.6.0                      py_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h516909a_1006    conda-forge
zstd                      1.4.4                h3b9ef0a_1    conda-forge
